Gh connector documentation (#3393)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/github-slack-connector/README.md

# The GitHub Slack Connector for Kyma

## Overview

> This document describes the Connector for GitHub and Slack to use in the [Kyma](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma) environment. It allows utilizing applications' functions inside the Kyma ecosystem by communicating with the corresponding APIs. Use it to trigger lambda functions on Events incoming from github and react to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes the Connector for GitHub and Slack which can be used in the [Kyma](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma) environment. It allows you to utilize functions of Applications inside the Kyma ecosystem by communicating with the corresponding APIs. Use it to trigger lambda functions on Events incoming from GitHub and react to them.
```

## Prerequisites

* **Kyma**

The Connector is configured to work inside the Kyma ecosystem, so you must install it locally or on a cluster. See the [Installation guides](https://kyma-project.io/docs/root/kyma#installation-installation) for details.

## Installation

Install the Connector locally or on a cluster. For installation details, see the corresponding guides:

> * [The GitHub Connector installation](githubConnector/README.md)
> * [The Hithub Webhook Gateway installation](githubWebhookGateway/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [GitHub Connector installation](githubConnector/README.md)
* [Hithub Webhook Gateway installation](githubWebhookGateway/README.md)
```
